# Project5

### Server Class
The server class starts by making a new socket and creating a new AccountManager. It accepts the socks then starts a new thread. The run method creates a print writer and scanner then starts reading in input from the client. The client sends the server an int 1-22 each responding to a different option that the user clicked in the client GUI. Option number one exists the program. Option two checks to see if the username and password sent by the client are correct. If they are correct, the server sends back the account information. If they are incorrect, the user sends back one or two telling the client tha the username or password is incorrect. Option three creates a new account based on the information sent by the client if the account does not already exist. Option 4 deletes an account. Option 5 sends account information on the given username. If the username does not exist it sends back a one to the client. Option 6 lists all usernames. Option 7 lists all the followers of an account. Option 8 lists all the accounts the user has requested to follow. Option 9 lists all the accounts that have requested to follow the user. Option 10 sends a follow request to another user. Option 11 accepts a follow request from a user. Option 12 sends the client all of the information of a given account. Option 13 updates the user's about me. Option 14 returns the followers of the account. Option 15 returns the followers of the account. Option 16 gets the users the account has requested to follow. Option 17 returns the users that have requested to follow the account. Option 18 removes a follow from an account. Option 19 unfollows a user the account is following. Option 20 deletes an account. Option 21 returns the account's username and full name. Option 22 returns all of the account's information. Option 23 rejects a follow request from a user. To test the server class we used the client and pressed all of the different buttons to make sure the options sent correctly to the server, and we used the GUIs to make sure that the information displayed on the screen that was sent from the server was correct. 
 
### Client Class
The client class of our project first connects to the server then it makes the first GUI that the user sees, the Login GUI. If the user cannot connect to the server, a JOptionPane appears saying a connection could not be established. The Login GUI lets the user enter their username and password or create a new account. When the user enters a username and password it sends them to the server along with the option number two. If the username and password are incorrect, a JOptionPane appears and tells the user that they were invalid. Once the login is a success, the user is taken to a homescreen. If the user chooses to create a new account, they are taken to a create account page where they are asked for a username password and email. Once the user hits create button the input is chcked to see if it is valid. If any of the input is invalid, a JOptionPane tells the user what is wrong with their input. Once that is complete the client sends the server option 3 and all of the information the user entered. The server returns whether or not the username already exists. If the usernmae already exists, a JOptionPane appears. They are taken to the homescreen once the user creates an account. Once at the homescreen the client sends the server option 12 to get all the user information then displays it. The user can click on many different buttons. Each time a button is clicked the client sends the option number of the button to the server. The server then returns all the information needed, and the client sidplays it The search button takes the user to a screen where you can search for other users. The log off button takes user back to the login screen. The followers button takes the user to a list of their followers. The following button takes the user the a list of accounts they are following. The requested button takes the user to a list of accounts they have requested to follow. The follow requests button takes the user to a list of accounts that have requested to follow them. The delete button first has a JOptionPane appear and asks the user to confirm then deletes the account, and the user is taken to the login screen. The edit profile button takes the user to a screen where they can update their profile information, and the client sends this information to be updated to the server. The client class was the most complex to test. We first tested that it connected to the server and sent information correctly. We then tested each GUI frame by frame to make sure every button preformed the right action and sent the corrrect information to the server. We also checked to see that all the information was displayed correctly on every screen.

### Account Class
The Account class of our project stores all of the user's information as an account object. The account constructor includes all the information the user provides when creating an account. It has private fields storing all the user information. Username, password, full name, and email are private. Hometown contact information, interests, and about me are not final and can be changed by the user. There are four Account ArrayList fields: followers, following, requestsMe, and meRequested. All of the methods in this class are getters and setters except for getProfile which returns the user's profile information as a String, and toString which returns the account's username. To test this class we created an new account and tested all of the getters to see if what they returned was equal to what the fields were set to in the constructor. We then tested the toString method and made sure it was equal to the username. We set all the information that was not in constrcutor such as about me, contact information, interests, and hometown. To make sure the setters worked we used the getters to compare the value and make sure they were equal. To test the getProfile method we made a string with the correct value and compared it to the string that was returned. 

## AccountManager Class
Thew AccountManager class of our project stores an ArrayList of all the accounts and manages all the interactions between different accounts. We tested the AccountManager by first making a few accounts. We tested add accounts by adding the accounts we created thencomparing the size of the getAccounts ArrayList to the number of accounts created. We tested delete accounts by deleting one of the created accounts and again comparing the size of the getAccounts ArrayList. We tested the getAccountFromUsername by first enetering the username to an account that was already made to make sure it did not through an AccountNotFoundException. We then gave it an invalid username to make sure it did throw an AccountNotFoundException. We did the same process with the verifyAccount method. We first gave it a valid username and password to make sure it did not through an AccountNotFoundException then we gave it an invalid username and password to make sure it did through an AccountNotFoundException. We tested send follow request by sending a follow request and then comparing the size of that account's getRequestsMe ArrayList. We tested accept follow request by accepting the sent follow request then comparing the getFollowers ArrayList size to 1 to make sure the account was added. We tested rejectFollowRequest by sending a follower request and rejecting it then comparing the size of the getFollowers ArrayList to make sure it was still zero. The same method of testing was done on unsendFollowRequest.

### AccountNotFoundException Class
The AccountNotFoundException lass of our project is thrown when the account information is invalid or can not be found. 

### InputOutput Class
The InputOutput class of our projects reads and writes accounts to and from files. The readAccountsFromFile method is called by the AccountManager class when the server starts, and it returns an ArrayList of accounts. The writeAccountsToFile is called by the AccountManager when the server closes. It takes the accounts ArrayList from AccountManager and writes it to a file. To test this class we made a sample file and had the writeAccountsToFile method write to this file. We then compared this file with the information that was supposed to be sent to the file to make sure it was corret. To test the readAccountsFromFile method we wrote accounts to a file then read them and compared the returned ArrayList values to make sure they matched the values written to the file. 
